Well another controversy of the shock has been the
issue of the donation okay has made
a donation to Chile that I still haven't
found out about eh I mean I haven't even
found out or informed myself yet about
what it is that what had happened to what
happened to Chile in fact I
mean I haven't found out absolutely
yet you have put it in the chat Javi
send greetings to send strength to Chile you haven't
told me many times but I don't know I haven't
looked at it the truth is I have no
idea what happened I'm sorry
forgive me okay but man I'm going as I am
okay But well apparently shock has
done a charity live for all the money
raised with a strong fire it hasn't
been terrible Javi what is it
a lot affected by some
quite strong fires and How the fire is born
How the fire is born Chile How the
fire is born eh condolences for Piñera the
worst tragedy let's see could this be a
bit of the news what you are seeing is
from the sea in Chile an area where
luxury tourism and
marginal neighborhoods coexist and it is precisely those
areas  poorer ones who have
become more than 100 dead in arson arson
But who who
Who has caused these fires I mean
what what has been like some
terrorist gangs going to burn things or
how gone in a desert of ashes the
image as you see is of
absolute devastation the fire has razed nearly
14,000 hectares of 19,000 hectares and
14,000 homes the biggest tragedy that
Chile has experienced since the earthquake of 2010
Madre de Dios but it has destroyed it has
destroyed a lot of neighborhoods
God my God we don't know only
towns have been set on fire but not how many
towns no but I mean on account of what has
this attack been why has this
attack been the last official toll is
102 dead but the authorities
speak of hundreds of missing the
government has decreed two days of mourning
there is a curfew in the
affected areas and more than 100 active outbreaks and
there is our special envoy
Sagrario Mascaraque we are in the region
of  Valparaíso specifically in Pompeii
alone here more than 1000 homes were
razed by the fire the neighbors
despite the curfew are spending
these nights in their territory to
protect it in makeshift tents
with the day they begin to remove to
clean the little that remains or rather but
But it has been an act of terrorism it has been
vandalism what has it been Ah
it is not known what it was there are
enough indications that it was arson
Ah it is not known
what it was suddenly there is a lot of fire it
is burning many things and and and it is under
control now or what Or the fire is
out of control right now and they do not put it out damn
how strong No now we will talk about
this topic eh But well everything that is
raised from this Stream everything that would
happen in this Stream although it
is not charitable and all donations will be
donated in full to Chile okay we are
looking at each other but the money the money or
rather the money they need to solve
the money something I mean what do they do with the
money the money they need the money well of
course we are not talking about an
issue  what am I telling you, uh, I understand that
donating the money as a plan for when
everything has to be rebuilt. No, I don't know
exactly who in Chile we are going to
donate it to. Many Chileans spoke to me
on Twitter and Instagram
to tell me that, uh, you have many
suspicions that the best thing is not to donate
it to anything governmental because there could be
corruption. This is the message
that has reached me the most and that therefore I
donate to charitable NGOs that are
directly related to the H, it's
41 months, uh, To rebuild, not the
fire department, and that the money goes
entirely to the fire department and
I agree with you because I
trust you. I don't know what level
of governmental corruption there is in the
country. I don't know. Nobody
can tell me better than you. Sorry, but
many of you have spoken to me and you have told me that it is
better that it is not governmental, that we
do it through a government agency where
the money goes directly, so it seems
perfect to me, okay, we will do it that way. I don't
know exactly who I am going to donate to yet
because my team is studying it and
Javi too  I have it investigated, I was on
the site, the real estate agencies set
forest fires, they stopped at the
houses, I don't understand it, I don't understand it and I
have both of them investigating and
looking What is the best way to
do it, don't worry, it doesn't matter if
it's tomorrow or the day after because in any case we are going to
need TR days for
the Twitch advertising to be counted
because it takes two or three days. In other words,
the donation will not be possible for another two or three days. So it's not going to be possible to do it. So
nothing happens, we have two or three days
to find
many content creators and many
people talked to me to tell me places. The thing is,
I would like to have a site that I
could not only donate but a site
that I could bill for.
Bill Chile for the donation. I don't know if it will be
very easy not to bill it, Luar says. The
theory is that real estate agencies burn
forests so that when there are none left, they are
given permission to build. Yes, of course, but
if what has been done, if what has been
burned are habitable areas, I don't uh
bill. I understand that the
billing issue will be so that it can be deducted. Of course
because it is a  money that he's going to earn
and he's going to have to
declare it as earned but not as donated
of course I don't know that if you can I
think that even if they don't
invoice it I think there's a
way to prove what you
've given to a donation says Inc Kai
Javi I'll explain the problem
in Chile in short several fires were started
in several sectors simultaneously that's why it's
thought to be
intentional international sorry but they did catch
several people who continue trying to
light more [ __ ] up and some It seems that they
are immigrants from Venezuela
hired to do it
intentionally and right now there
are also many videos of people who tried to
join who are already directly
crazy arsonists and there are about 3000 houses
destroyed and more than 100
confirmed victims But then the
fire is still active right now the
fire is out of control right now let's see
I think that if he doesn't invoice that if they don't
invoice it because it's complicated okay eh
I think that if they don't invoice he
can indicate when his manager makes the declaration
eh when he does the such Well
look at this income  what you are seeing here
is income that I donated to this
cause and such and such even if he does not invoice it
he can justify it you
can justify it Likewise there are ways
to explain it there are ways to give
proof of that ok as long as you
prove it ok shoka raised
around 17000 or 18000 without the
real estate agencies that carry out the
fires a kiss knai Thank you very much
to those affected okay And what happened
Oh that the millor has criticized shoka
for that if you want to support a cause and you
really care you anonymously donate
a significant percentage of the
profits from your Stream if you don't give a damn about
supporting the cause and they only want to improve your
image and have people talk about you for how good and
cute you are you do a charity Stream
asking your viewers for money with the
name of the company in the title
to scrape together as much as possible better that than
nothing better not to use the misfortunes of
a country for your own benefit and
camouflage it in good faith [ __ ] I
would love to distribute my hatred among more
creators but lately  the
shokas acts like an idiot every day from
today on I will try to miss
other people to diversify a little let's
see
eh Let's see here there are several ways
to see it okay we will never know the
intention of chocas really no but
man
HM let's see a charity event is always a
charity event So
nothing happens let's see I
know yes it's true that there are times
when doing it there in public You can you can
do it with the intention of with the
intention of putting on a medal But
well In the end the act well done is
there okay the problem is when some
creators collect money to collect
money for charitable causes and then they
forget the week goes by and they
forget to give the money to the
charitable causes but in this case the shas let's
see what I know what he does it for himself
inside with the intention of putting on a
medal Well but the thing is that he
put it on but the thing is that he has the power to be
able to afford to do a Stream and
raise 17,000 turkeys or rather us maybe
here if we had to do
something like that with luck and we raise for
donate 240 bucks to the firefighters you
know
what I mean so what can I say well well if I did it
to give myself a medal but it's okay it's
well done the
charitable cause is still okay if it's
donated badly if it's not donated badly oh well
man let's see there are times when I see
some actions as criticizable when it comes to
making donations And these charities okay
but I wouldn't know no one comes to
mind right now is okay but yes
we have seen examples okay yes we have
given examples we have seen many
times examples of people who what can I say
for example have seen a dog that
needed to be operated on and have answered
in public to that person to give them the
money so that I don't know or rather I don't know
but it's not that I see it as bad either it's that well yes it's
okay not that I was going to
tell you No well for example one of these
times that the the some publication
of this that appears on Twitter and you
say Hey I'll donate it to you okay but the thing is that I
think that I have done that and I have not
done it with any bad intentions but
because maybe they have the md closed
or for what also  People know that you
donated it, that you no longer need the
money, which is not bad either, I don't know, I
mean, in the end donations
are donations, donations
are Win michu, it doesn't sound familiar to me that Win michu would have
done something like that, I don't see anything wrong with it,
honestly, no, no, no, what can I tell you, but it
is, it is, it is okay, I know that no, I don't
see anything wrong with it,
[Music]
really,